# Example - Simple IPFS website using Web3.storage and Leto Analytics

## Overview
Use Leto on your IPFS hosted website to monitor traffic and improve your system. In this example, an HTML webpage is uploaded to IPFS via Web3.storage and is retrieved using the Leto IPFS gateway. Anonymous analytics data is then accessible through the Leto dashboard or Analytics API.

## Link in Bio webpage on IPFS
Create a simple html webpage to display your important links. View the code used in this example [here](https://github.com/galaxyxtwo/linkInBio/tree/main). For this example, there is some basic css in the index.html file to make it easy to upload to Web3.storage (IPFS).

> **Note:** 
> If you want to include other files (like a separate css file) or have an app like a react app, you will have to build it and then upload the build folder to Web3.storage.

## Web3.storage
Login to web3.storage and upload your Index.html file.

Now, your index.html file (in this case your webpage) is accessible by clicking the link under “CID”. The link is [here](https://bafybeihzmr3arh3olpyqc4bul6jbchqzze77tsilbxvn3plurl67aagfm4.ipfs.w3s.link/). 

To collect anonymous analytics for this webpage, input your CID into the following link format `https://leto.gg/ipfs/{yourCID}` instead of using the link provided by web3.storage. The link for our website would then be [here](https://leto.gg/ipfs/bafybeihzmr3arh3olpyqc4bul6jbchqzze77tsilbxvn3plurl67aagfm4). 

When your users retrieve the webpage through this link, anonymous analytics data is generated. It’s that easy to host a webpage on IPFS and measure webpage performance with Leto!

## Interacting with the analytics
Use the Leto dashboard to view the analytics data generated by your webpage. Login at Leto.gg and select “CIDs''. Input the CID for your website. You will then see a visualization of your anonymous, aggregate analytics data on the main dashboard page!

Alternatively, you can query the Leto analytics API to get the same analytics data as shown above. Check out the Leto docs to learn more about using the analytics API [here](https://letodev.gitbook.io/leto-documentation-1/analytics).

> **Note:** 
> Only analytics for CIDs retrieved through the Leto IPFS Gateway are created. Currently, Leto supports the Web3.storage, ipfs.io, and dweb gateways. If your content is retrievable through those gateways, it will work on Leto. Soon we will support many more gateways!
